ENERGIZE - MAKE THE MOST OF EVERY MOMENT'This book is exactly what we need in this moment. With so many pulls and strains and stresses, Simon offers us simple steps for every one of us to indeed energize!' Simon Sinek, optimist and New York Times bestselling author of Start With Why'Learning how to manage your energy changes your life. Don't just read this book, do it!' Marie Forleo, author of the #1 New York Times bestseller Everything is FigureoutableYour energy is everything: it is the fuel that drives your success and it gives you the power to achieve your potential. So how can you be your best self if you're always tired, stressed and burnt out?In Energize, award-winning life coach Simon Alexander Ong introduces you to the art and science of energy management. In a world where we are always on, Ong coaches you to work with your natural energy resources to recognize your most energized state - when to push and when to recoup - so that you can work sustainably towards your biggest goals.You'll hear from Ong's clients who have used his transformational method to achieve what they never thought they could. You'll learn how to use his practical framework to identify your most productive phases of the day, week and year, and learn how to make the most of them. You'll discover how to create boundaries and devote your energy in the right way and to the right people. And you'll master simple practices that you can build into your day to revitalize and preserve your energy levels so that you're ready for anything.It's time to find out what you can achieve when you feel energized.'Thoughtfully written and incredibly researched, Energize will change the way you view energy in and around you. Simon provides practical advice to help you achieve your full potential in every area of your life. Exceptional!' Dr Marshall Goldsmith, Thinkers50 #1 Executive Coach and author of New York Times bestselling author of TriggersSIMON ALEXANDER ONGSimon Alexander Ong is a personal development entrepreneur, coach and public speaker. His clients are from all walks of life but they share one trait; they all believe that the greatest investment you can make is in yourself. His work has seen him invited onto Sky News, BBC Radio London and LBC Radio to be interviewed, while in 2018, Barclays UK featured him in a nationwide campaign asking him questions on how families could embrace better lifestyle habits. His insights have seen him featured in HuffPost, Forbes, Virgin and the Guardian. Simon regularly speaks at organisations and keynotes public events and conferences. Some of these have included The Peter Jones Foundation, The World Business & Executive Coach Summit 2020 and the LSE. Simon is of Chinese origin and is based in London with his wife, Laurie, and daughter, Sienna.Edad: Adultos