Oxford Thinkers is a six level course designed to inspire curiosity, achievement, and critical thinking by asking the Big Questions.How are people and animals different? Why do we learn things? What's exciting about exploring?Spark creativity and critical thinking with Big Questions. Explore fun projects included in each level designed to encourage collaboration and communication. The carefully structured approach of Oxford Thinkers combines hands-on projects with plenty of grammar activities and rich multi-media teaching tools. Prepare students for success inside and outside of the classroom with this dynamic, bright, accessible course.Key Features:• A forward-thinking, stimulating, interactive course with full grammar and literacy support.• Strong grammar-focused syllabus, to build students language skills.• A 'Big Questions' enquiry-based approach engages students and develops 21st century skills.• Grammar is presented in a story-based and character-driven context to highlight meaning.• Develop students' confident in reading and writing with a structured literacy approach.• Capture your students' imaginations with extensive reading and writing activities.21st Century Skills:What are these "21st century skills" teachers keep talking about? How about "The 4 Cs"? Why are they so important to my students?Critical thinking:Bring critical thinking into your classroom to teach students how to think for themselves.Communication:Communication gives students the skills they need to discuss topics and describe their world.Collaboration:Pair work and group work in the classroom prepare your students for sports and other group activities.Creativity:Inspire imagination in your young thinkers by getting them excited about their world.Oxford Thinkers supports young thinkers in stretching these four vital skills- skills they will need both inside and outside of the classroom.Resources for Teachers:Digital ResourcesClassroom Presentation ToolDownloadable Evaluation MaterialsExam Practice DVDDownloadable Audio & Video.Teacher website.Student website.Classroom Presentation ToolOnscreen Class Books and Activity Books.Rich embedded audio and video contentAutomatic markingReduces planning and set up timeClassroom Resource PackOxford Thinkers comes with extra resources for your classroom:Posters.Flashcards.Wordcards.