JANE EYRE - 978-987-4886-91-0Edad recomendada: AdultosCHARLOTTE BRONTEThe eldest of the Brontë sisters, she was an English writer whose novels have become classics of English Literature. She was born in Thornton, England, in 1816. In 1824, a few years after her mother's death, Charlotte and three of her sisters were sent to the Clergy Daughters School, an institution for the daughters of poor clergymen. The experience in that school was atrocious: the students were mistreated and the living conditions of the establishment were extremely poor. A typhus epidemic in the area killed two of her sisters, and after that tragedy, her father finally withdrew his daughters from school. Years later, Charlotte would immortalize that ordeal in her novel Jane Eyre. In 1847, she published her novel Jane Eyre, under the pseudonym Currer Bell, and it was an immediate success. Under that same name she published her following literary works Shirley (1849) and Villete (1853). In 1854, she married Arthur Bell Nicholls, the fourth man to propose to her throughout her life, although a year later, while pregnant, she fell ill and died of tuberculosis at just 38 years old.SINOPSISInitially published under the pseudonym Currer Bell in 1847, Charlotte Brontë's Jane Eyre erupted onto the English literary scene, immediately showing the devotion of many of the world's most renowned writers. Widely regarded as a revolutionary novel, Brontë's masterpiece introduced the world to a radical new type of heroine, one whose defiant virtue and moral courage departed sharply from the more submissive and malleable female characters of the day. The immediate and lasting success of Jane Eyre proved Brontë's instincts right. Readers of her era and, even after her time, have taken the impoverished orphan girl into their hearts, following her from the custody of cruel relatives to a dangerously oppressive boarding school and onward through a troubled career as a governess. Jane's first assignment at Thorn field, where the proud and cynical master of the house guards a scandalous secret, draws readers even deeper into a compelling exploration of the mysteries of the human heart. Passionate, dramatic, and surprisingly modern, Jane Eyre is still regarded as one of the world's most beloved novels.