Lonely Planet: The world's leading travel guide publisher Lonely Planet Pocket Beijing is your passport to the most relevant, up-to-date advice on what to see and skip, and what hidden discoveries await you. Sample the city's most famous dish, Peking Duck; wander the ancient alleys known as hutong ; and explore the world's largest palace complex at the Forbidden City; all with your trusted travel companion. Get to the heart of the best of Beijing and begin your journey now!Inside Lonely Planet Pocket Beijing : - Full-colour maps and images throughout - Highlights and itineraries help you tailor your trip to your personal needs and interests - Insider tips to save time and money and get around like a local, avoiding crowds and trouble spots - Essential info at your fingertips - hours of operation, phone numbers, websites, transit tips, prices - Honest reviews for all budgets - eating, sleeping, sight-seeing, going out, shopping, hidden gems that most guidebooks miss - Free, convenient pull-out Beijing map (included in print version), plus more than 15 colour neighbourhood maps - User-friendly layout with helpful icons, and organised by neighbourhood to help you pick the best spots to spend your time - Covers the Forbidden City & Dongcheng North, the Summer Palace& Haidian, Beihai Park & Xicheng, South Chaoyang, and the Temple of Heaven Park & Dongcheng South.The Perfect Choice: Lonely Planet Pocket Beijing , a colorful, easy-to-use, and handy guide that literally fits in your pocket, provides on-the-go assistance for those seeking only the can't-miss experiences to maximize a quick trip experience.- Looking for a comprehensive guide that recommends both popular and offbeat experiences, and extensively covers all of Beijing's neighbourhoods? Check out our Lonely Planet Beijing guide. - Looking for more extensive coverage? Check out Lonely Planet China or Discover China guide for a comprehensive look at all China has to offer.Authors: Written and researched by Lonely Planet.About Lonely Planet: Since 1973, Lonely Planet has become the world's leading travel media company with guidebooks to every destination, an award-winning website, mobile and digital travel products, and a dedicated traveller community. Lonely Planet covers must-see spots but also enables curious travellers to get off beaten paths to understand more of the culture of the places in which they find themselves.