Discover how to reprogram your biology and thinking, and break the habit of being yourself so you can truly change your mind and life.Best-selling author, international speaker, chiropractor, and renowned researcher of epigenetics, quantum physics, and neuroscience, Dr. Joe Dispenza shares that you are not doomed by your genes and hardwired to be a certain way for the rest of your life.New science is emerging that empowers all human beings to create the reality they choose.In Breaking the Habit of Being Yourself, Dr. Joe Dispenza combines the fields of quantum physics, neuroscience, brain chemistry, biology, and genetics to show you what is truly possible and how to recondition the body and create better health.Not only will you be given the necessary knowledge to change your energy and any aspect of yourself, but you will be taught the step-by-step tools to apply what you learn in order to make measurable changes in any area of your life.Chapters include:Foreword by Daniel G. Amen, M.D.Introduction: The Greatest Habit You Can Ever Break Is the Habit of Being YourselfPART I: The Science of YouThe Quantum YouOvercoming Your EnvironmentOvercoming Your BodyOvercoming TimeSurvival vs. CreationPART II: Your Brain and MeditationThree Brains: Thinking to Doing to BeingThe GapMeditation, Demystifying the Mystical, and Waves of Your FuturePART III: Stepping Toward Your New DestinyThe Meditative Process: Introduction and PreparationOpen the Door to Your Creative StateStep 1: InductionPrune Away the Habit of Being Yourself (Week Two)Step 2: RecognizingStep 3: Admitting and DeclaringStep 4: SurrenderingDismantle the Memory of the Old You (Week Three)Step 5: Observing and RemindingStep 6: RedirectingCreate a New Mind for Your New Future (Week Four)Step 7: Creating and RehearsingDemonstrating and Being Transparent: Living Your New RealityDr. Joe demystifies consciousness and ancient understandings to bridge the gap between science and spirituality. Through his powerful healing workshops and lectures, thousands of people in 24 different countries have used these principles to change from the inside out. Once you break the habit of being yourself and truly change your mind, your life will never be the same!"In this book, I want to share some of what I learned along the way and show you, by exploring how mind and matter are interrelated, how you can apply these principles not only to your body, but to any aspect of your life."- Dr. Joe DispenzaJOE DISPENZAJoe Dispenza, New York Times bestselling author, researcher and international lecturer. Dr. Dispenza received a B.S. from Evergreen State College and his Doctor of Chiropractic degree from Life University, where he graduated with honors. His postgraduate training and continuing education has been in neurology; neuroscience; brain function and chemistry; cellular biology; memory formation; and aging and longevity. He is an invited member of Who's Who in America, an honorary member of the National Board of Chiropractic Examiners, the recipient of a Clinical Proficiency Citation for clinical excellence in doctor-patient relationships from Life University, and a member of Pi Tau Delta - the International Chiropractic Honor Society.Edad: adultos