Each thematic unit presents key language in context and through activities, including songs and chants, stories, sticker activities and projects. Students work independently, in pairs or groups to develop core English language skills and 21st Century Skills, such as communication, collaboration and critical thinking. Four-page Checkpoints after every three units focus on Assessment for Learning and allow students to assess their own progress. Each book includes a Young Learner's Exams preparation section. 18 extra pages of reading skills 18 extra pages of grammar 6 extra pages of exam preparation Grammar is presented visually and practised interactively, to keep students involved and interested. Fun activities reinforce and motivate students to understand and acquire new language. Students are exposed to exam style tasks and formats from the beginning and throughout the course, building confidence in taking external exams. A variety of content from subjects such as Science, Maths, History and Art is presented throughout the course, introducing the necessary vocabulary for students to learn other subjects and achieve comprehension beyond the everyday. MyEnglishLab Each unit corresponds to a unit in the Student Book and contains practice activities which are based on exercises from the Workbook. All the exercises are auto-graded, giving learners immediate feedback on their work. Audio is incorporated in the MyEnglishLab. Includes all of the video content from the unit so students can watch the videos at home and share them with family. The videos are presented in two ways: Short video clips with a minimum of 2 interactive activities per unit. Full-length without being attached to an activity. There are two games per unit where students can practice vocabulary and language from the unit in a fun and motivating way. Games include concentration, hangman, and quiz shows. Teachers can assign tests as they choose. There are 4 types of test that are auto-graded with scores recorded in the teacher's gradebook: Diagnostic Pre-Test Unit Tests (1 per unit) Mastery Tests (covers 3 units) Final Exam