HERE'S TO US#1 New York Times bestseller! Becky Albertalli and Adam Silvera reunite to continue the story of Arthur and Ben, the boys readers first fell for in the bestselling rom-com What If It's Us.Ben survived freshman year of college, but he's feeling more stuck than ever. His classes are a slog, his part-time job working with his father is even worse, and his best friend Dylan's been acting weird for weeks. Ben's only real bright spot is his writing partner Mario, who's been giving him a lot of Spanish lessons and even more kisses. Mario's big Hollywood dreams make Ben start to dream bigger-and the choices he makes now could be the key to reshaping his future. So why can't he stop thinking about a certain boy from his past?Arthur is back in New York City for the first time in two years, ready to take the theater world by a storm as the world's best . . . intern to the assistant of an off-off-Broadway director. Of course, it sucks to be spending the summer apart from his sweet, reliable boyfriend, Mikey, but he knows their relationship is strong enough to weather the distance. Which is why it's no big deal when his ex-boyfriend Ben stumbles back into the picture. And it's definitely fine that Ben's blissfully happy with some mystery boy. First loves are special, but it's way too late for what-ifs. Right?Even as the boys try to shake off the past, they keep running into each other in the present. Is this the universe trying to tell them there's a do-over in their future?Here's to Us is sure to be welcomed by fans old and new of these authors and their previous collaboration, What If It's Us. Critically acclaimed and bestselling authors Becky Albertalli and Adam Silvera combine their talents in these smart, funny, heartfelt novels about two very different boys who can't decide if the universe is pushing them together-or pulling them apart.Critical Praise"Swoonworthy wish fulfillment that checks all the right boxes." - Kirkus Reviews (starred review)"All characters retain their unique voices and personalities, even though they've aged; they are the people readers expect them to be as they navigate coming into their own." - Booklist (starred review)"Achingly romantic. Here's to Us transitions seamlessly from its predecessor yet stands strongly on its own." - Shelf Awareness"Teens will be eager to throw themselves back into this heartwarming world." - School Library JournalBECKY ALBERTALLIBecky Albertalli is the number one New York Times bestselling author of William C. Morris Award winner and National Book Award longlist title Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda (now a major motion picture, Love, Simon); The Upside of Unrequited; Leah on the Offbeat; the Simonverse novella Love, Creekwood; What If It's Us (cowritten with Adam Silvera); Yes No Maybe So (cowritten with Aisha Saeed); and most recently, Kate in Waiting.ADAM SILVERAAdam Silvera is the #1 New York Times and USA Today bestselling author of They Both Die at the End, The First to Die at the End, More Happy Than Not, History Is All You Left Me, the Infinity Cycle, and-with Becky Albertalli-What If It's Us and Here's to Us. He worked in the publishing industry as a children's bookseller, community manager at a content development company, and book reviewer of children's and young adult novels. He was born and raised in New York and now lives in Los Angeles. He is tall for no reason.Edad recomendada: A partir de 15 años.