GREAT BRITAIN 15 - LONELY PLANET TRAVEL GUIDELonely Planet's Great Britain is our most comprehensive guide that extensively covers all the region has to offer, with recommendations for both popular and lesser-known experiences. Puzzle the mysteries of Stonehenge, sip whisky in Scotland, and hike the mountains of Wales; all with your trusted travel companion.Inside Lonely Planet's Great Britain Travel Guide:Lonely Planet's Top Picks - a visually inspiring collection of the destination's best experiences and where to have themItineraries help you build the ultimate trip based on your personal needs and interestsLocal insights give you a richer, more rewarding travel experience - whether it's history, people, music, landscapes, wildlife, politicsEating and drinking - get the most out of your gastronomic experience as we reveal the regional dishes and drinks you have to tryToolkit - all of the planning tools for solo travellers, LGBTQIA+ travellers, family travellers and accessible travelColour maps and images throughoutLanguage - essential phrases and language tipsInsider tips to save time and money and get around like a local, avoiding crowds and trouble spotsCoversEnglandLondon, Canterbury, Southeast England, Oxford and the Cotswolds, Bath, Bristol, Somerset, Hampshire, Wiltshire, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Isles of Scilly, Cambridge, East Anglia, Birmingham, the Midlands, Yorkshire, Manchester, Liverpool, Northwest England, The Lake District, Newcastle, Northeast EnglandWalesCardiff (Caerdydd), Pembrokeshire, South Wales, Brecon Beacons, Mid-Wales, Snowdonia and North WalesScotlandEdinburgh, Glasgow, Southern Scotland, Stirling, Central Scotland, Inverness, Northern Highlands and IslandsAbout Lonely Planet:Lonely Planet, a Red Ventures Company, is the world's number one travel guidebook brand. Providing both inspiring and trustworthy information for every kind of traveller since 1973, Lonely Planet reaches hundreds of millions of travellers each year online and in print and helps them unlock amazing experiences. Visit us at lonelyplanet.com and join our community of followers on Facebook (facebook.com/lonelyplanet), Twitter (@lonelyplanet), Instagram (instagram.com/lonelyplanet), and TikTok (@lonelyplanet).'Lonely Planet. It's on everyone's bookshelves; it's in every traveller's hands. It's on mobile phones. It's on the Internet. It's everywhere, and it's telling entire generations of people how to travel the world.' Fairfax Media (Australia)Edad recomendada: Adultos.