RAMONA'S WORLDRamona Quimby is sure fourth grade will be "the best year of her life, so  far." She can show off her calluses from swinging on the rings in the park,  sit across the aisle from the boy she calls Yard Ape, and enjoy her cheerful  new teacher, Mrs. Meacham. Most exciting of all, Ramona has a new best  friend, Daisy.    Fourth grade doesn't turn out quite the way Ramona has hoped. Mrs. Meacham  wants her to improve her spelling. Ramona also must be a good role model for  her baby sister, Roberta. And Mrs. Quimby wants her to spend more time with,  the super-perfect Susan. Fourth-grade life isn't always easy, but it's full  of adventure, and at the end of it all- a "zeroteenth" birthday to  celebrate!BEVERLY CLEARYBeverly Cleary is one of America's most beloved authors. As a child, she struggled with reading and writing. But by third grade, after spending much time in her public library in Portland, Oregon, she found her skills had greatly improved. Before long, her school librarian was saying that she should write children's books when she grew up. Instead she became a librarian. When a young boy asked her, "Where are the books about kids like us?" she remembered her teacher's encouragement and was inspired to write the books she'd longed to read but couldn't find when she was younger. She based her funny stories on her own neighborhood experiences and the sort of children she knew. And so, the Klickitat Street gang was born! Mrs. Cleary's books have earned her many prestigious awards, including the American Library Association's Laura Ingalls Wilder Award, presented to her in recognition of her lasting contribution to children's literature. Dear Mr. Henshaw won the Newbery Medal, and Ramona Quimby, Age 8 and Ramona and Her Father have been named Newbery Honor Books. Her characters, including Beezus and Ramona Quimby, Henry Huggins, and Ralph, the motorcycle-riding mouse, have delighted children for generations.Edad recomendada: A partir de 8 años.