INSTRUCTIONS FOR DANCING - A NOVEL - 978-1-5247-1899-2Edad recomendada: Adultos jóvenes.NICOLA YOONNicola Yoon is the #1 New York Times bestselling author of Everything, Everything, The Sun Is Also a Star and Instructions for Dancing. She is a National Book Award finalist, a Michael L. Printz Honor Book recipient, and a Coretta Scott King New Talent Award winner. Her first two novels have been made into major motion pictures. Nicola grew up in Jamaica and Brooklyn, and lives in Los Angeles with her husband, novelist David Yoon, and their family. She is a hopeless romantic who firmly believes that you can fall in love in an instant and that it can last forever. Together Nicola and David are the co-founders of Joy Revolution, an imprint at Random House Children's Books focused on romance novels by people of color about people of color, inspired by the Yoons' love of romance novels and romantic comedies, and desire from an early age to see themselves-people of color-at the center of these stories. Visit Nicola online at nicolayoon.com and follow @NicolaYoon on Twitter and Instagram.SINOPSISAN INSTANT #1 NEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER"A charming, wholehearted love story that's sure to make readers swoon."-Entertainment Weekly"Nicola Yoon writes from the heart in this beautiful love story."-Good Morning America"It's like an emotional gut punch-so beautiful and also heart-wrenching."-US WeeklyIn this romantic page-turner from the author of Everything, Everything and The Sun is Also a Star, Evie has the power to see other people's romantic fates-what will happen when she finally sees her own?Evie Thomas doesn't believe in love anymore. Especially after the strangest thing occurs one otherwise ordinary afternoon: She witnesses a couple kiss and is overcome with a vision of how their romance began . . . and how it will end. After all, even the greatest love stories end with a broken heart, eventually.As Evie tries to understand why this is happening, she finds herself at La Brea Dance Studio, learning to waltz, fox-trot, and tango with a boy named X. X is everything that Evie is not: adventurous, passionate, daring. His philosophy is to say yes to everything-including entering a ballroom dance competition with a girl he's only just met.Falling for X is definitely not what Evie had in mind. If her visions of heartbreak have taught her anything, it's that no one escapes love unscathed. But as she and X dance around and toward each other, Evie is forced to question all she thought she knew about life and love. In the end, is love worth the risk?