BIG NATE CLASS BY HIMSELF"Big Nate is funny, big time."--Jeff Kinney, author of Diary of a Wimpy KidFor fans of the hilarious Diary of a Wimpy Kid series: Get ready to meet Big Nate! In the first novel in the New York Times bestselling series, Big Nate is in a class by himself!Nate knows he's meant for big things. REALLY big things. But things don't always go your way just because you're awesome. Nate barely survives his dad's toxic oatmeal before rushing off to school-minus his lunch. He body slams the no-nonsense principal. He accidentally insults his least favorite teacher, the horrifying Mrs. Godfrey (aka Godzilla). And school has barely started!Trouble always seems to find him, but Nate keeps his cool. He knows he's destined for greatness. A fortune cookie told him so.Here comes BIG NATE, accidental mischief maker and definitely NOT the teacher's pet.Get your reader into this beloved series with Big Nate: In a Class by Himself, the perfect book for anyone who's ever been to middle school.LINCOLN PEIRCELincoln Peirce (pronounced "purse") is a cartoonist/writer and New York Times bestselling author of the hilarious Big Nate book series (www.bignatebooks.com), now published in twenty-five countries worldwide and available as ebooks and audiobooks and as an app, Big Nate: Comix by U! He is also the creator of the comic strip Big Nate. It appears in over three hundred U.S. newspapers and online daily at www.gocomics.com/bignate. Lincoln's boyhood idol was Charles Schulz of Peanuts fame, but his main inspiration for Big Nate has always been his own experience as a sixth grader. Just like Nate, Lincoln loves comics, ice hockey, and Cheez Doodles (and dislikes cats, figure skating, and egg salad). His Big Nate books have been featured on Good Morning America and in the Boston Globe, the Los Angeles Times, USA Today, and the Washington Post. He has also written for Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon. Lincoln lives with his wife and two children in Portland, Maine.Edad recomendada: A partir de 8 años.