THE PATH - 978-1-662-65063-5Edad recomendada: A partir de 6 años.BOB STAAKEBob Staake's 2006 Golden Book The Red Lemon was a New York Times Best Illustrated Children's Book of the Year. His 2008 Golden Book The Donut Chef received glowing reviews from The Wall Street Journal and Publishers Weekly. In addition to his work with Random House, Bob's titles include Mary Had a Little Lamp (Bloomsbury), Look! A Book! (Little Brown), and Cars, Galore (Candlewick). Outside of his work in children's publishing, Bob's illustrations have also been seen on several popular New Yorker covers, including the 11/17/08 "Reflection" cover that is officially the most popular New Yorker cover of all time. In 2008, Bob was the recipient of Time magazine's 2008 Best Magazine Cover award.SINOPSISPerfect for a new generation of path-forgers, this buoyant picture book from an award-winning author and New Yorker cover artist is a hip new take on the graduation book.With an exclusive bonus print from Bob Staake inside the jacket.On this playfully illustrated journey with Bob Staake, children and adults alike will discover an encouraging truth: our path through life is not only challenging and beautiful-it is all our own to discover and invent. "You will walk. You will walk along a well-worn path that many people have taken-and long before you." So begins this inspirational journey over gentle, grassy hills, through fields of wildflowers, over raging rivers, up steep mountains, and even through a dark, chilly cave. When it splits in two, you will have to decide what to do next-and you'll create a path that's unique to you.PRAISE"One of The Best Picture Books of 2022. A story of choice and perseverance…an excellent example of why we can never resist a book by Bob Staake." - Read Brightly? "An extremely inspiring story about life's twists and turns that will have universal appeal."  - School Library Journal, STARRED reviewA Tinybeans Best Children's Book of 2022"Excellent for discussion of self-discovery, making choices, and increasing self-confidence, this story is useful for both the classroom and for parents supporting growth opportunities." - Booklist"Made me cry….This is a perfect replacement (and I mean replacement) for Oh! The Places You'll Go." - Lorie Barber, Education Director, Anderson's Bookshop"Sure to be a perennial best seller." - Eric Lindner, Yellow Umbrella Books"A great addition to any library or classroom and would make a great graduation gift." - Shauna Morrison, Indigo Books"The illustrations are nothing short of stunning." - Keith Lewis, Bookies Bookstore, Denver, CO"One of the most visually appealing and downright stunning books of 2022…. It's like Robert Frost's "The Road Not Taken" meets Dr. Suess's Oh, the Places You Will Go! but with an entirely unique landscape of words and beautiful art that together form the author's own unique voice." - Tinybeans"Staake's graphical worldbuilding… is high style all the way. Includes a detachable poster." - Publishers Weekly"A bit of a pep talk about all of the things you'll do in your life … sweet and thoughtful… the art - particularly the environment - gives me flashbacks of the art of Jon Klassen. So it's very obvious why I enjoy looking at this book so much… and the style of all that nature is wonderful stuff." - Dad Suggests"A realistic and encouraging message for people of any age…. would also make a great companion text to Cynthia Rylant's Life for any classroom social-emotional lesson! - Danielle Joseph, educator "LOVED this picture book…. wonderful gift to give anyone who is graduating."- Melissa Foster, school library media specialist"A perfect gift to give to someone who is graduating or making an important life change….. encourages kids to dare to be themselves! It's a celebration of the uniqueness of being you!" - Marilyn Panton, Storywraps "The Path' will help me describe … perseverance, resiliency, and the ability to choose how we approach life's celebrations and setbacks….would highly recommend this story for elementary teachers, parents, and guardians to enjoy with their young readers." - Stacy Nelson, Books for Balance"Gorgeous, the illustrations are phenomenal… Would make a perfect graduation gift or gift for any one undertaking any sort of life change." - Karen Coughtrey, educator"A perfect bedtime story read, classroom title or gift for someone at a crossroads." - Andrea Lodico, educator, San Jose Elementary"This beautiful and uplifting book will put a smile on your face. Not only does it encourage you to keep going despite challenges and obstacles in life, it acknowledges that everyone's journey is different and no two paths are the same. The imagery and illustrations are gorgeous…. A wonderful read that celebrates life and its endless possibilities!" - Cheryl Ng, @cherreading