Disney stories and charactersEngaged children will learn betterDisney characters are instantly recognizable to young learners, making children feel at ease and motivated to learn.Each unit focuses on a different set of Disney movie characters, giving the course a broad appeal and keeping the content fresh and exciting. Engagement with the characters will help students enjoy their lessons and develop a positive attitude to language learning. It will also help them focus on the lesson, stay on task longer, and retain more of what they have learned.Children love stories. Stories and storytelling provide a natural and engaging context for language learning. Each unit has two stories - a story to watch and a story to read. Engaging video clips from magical Disney movies introduce unit themes, characters and new language. While stories based on a set of school friends help consolidate new language and themes and bring a variety of everyday experiences that students are familiar with.FlexibilityTailoring lessons to the class's needsA variety of options and pathways through the material are offered so you can tailor your approach to both your students' needs and your particular teaching context. The core material can be extended with online Phonics and Big Projects modules and extra activities.A wide variety of tasks to develop various skills and for different learning styles, plus stretch and support activities, fast finisher tasks, remediation and teaching tips allow teachers to cater to the diverse needs of the class.Rigor and progressStudents and teachers need to see pedagogical rigor and progressThe vocabulary, grammar and four skills are systematically developed across each level and the course as a whole. This is achieved with use of the Global Scale of English (GSE) Learning Objectives for Young Learners as well as the GSE Skill Development Framework for Young Learners. This ensures that content and activities are at an appropriate level of challenge for the learners. The in-course assessment and English Benchmark offer opportunities to monitor progress both formally and informally.Future skillsEquipping children to have fulfilling livesA unique Personal and Socials Skills syllabus teaches skills that students will need to function well in the world, both individually and with others, and to become responsible citizens. They go beyond the classroom, and are essential for personal development, social inclusion, active citizenship and, in later life, successful employment.Future skills such as self-awareness, social awareness, self-management, responsible decision-making and relationship skills are woven into every unit. The course also includes 21st Century skills: communication and creativity, as well as critical thinking.