Lonely Planet's Discover Italy is your passport to the most relevant, up-to-date advice on what to see and skip, and what hidden discoveries await you. Take in a gondolier's sweet song while gliding past Venetian palaces, sample olives and wines as you traverse Tuscany's storybook hills, or be humbled amid thousands of years of Roman history and art; all with your trusted travel companion. Discover the best of Italy and begin your journey now!Inside Lonely Planet's Discover Italy: - Full-colour images throughout - Highlights and itineraries help you tailor your trip to your personal needs and interests - Insider tips to save time and money and get around like a local, avoiding crowds and trouble spots - Essential info at your fingertips - hours of operation, phone numbers, websites, transit tips, prices - Honest reviews for all budgets - eating, sight-seeing, going out, shopping, hidden gems that most guidebooks miss - Cultural insights give you a richer, more rewarding travel experience - including history, art, literature, cinema, music, culture, architecture, politics, landscapes, outdoor experiences, cuisine, wine - Free, convenient pull-out Rome map (included in print version), plus easy-to-use colour maps to help you navigate your destination - Covers Rome, the Vatican, Milan, the Lakes, Venice, Florence, Tuscany, Naples, Pompeii, Amalfi Coast, Sicily and more.The Perfect Choice: Lonely Planet's Discover Italy, our easy-to-use guide, filled with inspiring and colorful photos, focuses on Italy's most popular attractions for those looking for the best of the best.- Looking for a comprehensive guide that recommends both popular and offbeat experiences, and extensively covers all the country has to offer? Check out Lonely Planet's Italy guide. - Looking for a guide for Rome, Florence or Venice? Check out Lonely Planet's Rome guide, Florence & Tuscany guide, or Venice & the Veneto guide for a comprehensive look at all each of these cities has to offer, Pocket Rome, a handy-sized guide focused on the can't-miss sights for a quick trip, or Make My Day Rome, a uniquely interactive guide that allows you to effortlessly plan your itinerary by flipping, mixing and matching top sights.Authors: Written and researched by Lonely Planet.