CROSSFIREYears have passed since the love between Sephy - a Cross - and Callum - a Nought - destroyed their world and changed their families and society forever.Society appears to be very different now. For the first time ever, a Nought Prime Minister - Tobey Durbridge - is in power. Race and class don't divide people anymore. But things are never really that easy.Because Tobey's just been framed for murder, and the only way to free himself is to turn to his oldest friend - Callie-Rose.Their families divisions run deep, and when two young people are kidnapped, their lives and everything they've fought for are put in the firing line.And when you're playing a game as dangerous as this one, it won't be long before someone gets caught in the crossfire...Crossfire is the long-awaited new novel in legendary author Malorie Blackman's ground-breaking Noughts & Crosses series.'Rich in moral and social issues, it is devastating about racial attitudes' THE SUNDAY TIMES, CHILDREN'S BOOK OF THE WEEK'It chillingly echoes the tempestuous taste of the world today while offering the intensity of a thriller' I NEWSPAPERMALORIE BLACKMANMalorie Blackman has written over seventy books for children and young adults, including the Noughts & Crosses series, Thief and a science-fiction thriller, Chasing the Stars. Many of her books have also been adapted for stage and television, including a BAFTA-award-winning BBC production of Pig-Heart Boy and a Pilot Theatre stage adaptation by Sabrina Mahfouz of Noughts & Crosses. There is also a major BBC production of Noughts & Crosses, whose soundtrack was curated by Roc Nation (Jay-Z's entertainment company) as executive music producer. In 2005 Malorie was honoured with the Eleanor Farjeon Award in recognition of her distinguished contribution to the world of children's books. In 2008 she received an OBE for her services to children's literature, and between 2013 and 2015 she was the Children's Laureate. Most recently Malorie wrote for the Doctor Who series on BBC One, and the fifth novel in her Noughts & Crosses series, Crossfire, was published by Penguin Random House Children's in summer 2019.Edad recomendada: A partir de 15 años.