IB DIPLOMA ENGLISH B PREPARED - BOOKOffering an unparalleled level of assessment support, IB Prepared: English B has been developed directly with the IB to provide the most up-to-date, authentic and authoritative guidance on DP assessment.FeaturesConsolidate communication skills via rigorous activities that target reading, writing, speaking and listening competenciesEnsure that learners understand assessment requirements with clear explanations of each component, strategic tips, highlighted common errors and sample answersBuild students' confidence using exam-style questions and practice papers, with accompanying answersKEVIN MORLEYPassionate about promoting excellence in teaching and learning, Kevin has gained a lifetime's experience teaching children from all walks of life in schools in UK and Singapore. He believes that it is essential for teachers to motivate their students by both stimulating their imaginations and giving them the means to achieve their goals.From 1992 to 2015 Kevin taught English A and B and the Theory of Knowledge at United World College of South East Asia. During much of this time he was Head of the Bilingual Diploma Programme and also coordinated Schools Supported Self-taught Languages.Kevin is the author of a number of Oxford IB Course Books, including; the DP English B Course Book, IB Prepared English B and the MYP English Language Acquisition resources (Capable and Proficient).Kevin was an International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme workshop leader in English A and B and School Supported Language A and has also been a contributor to IB Language A and B curriculum review committees.In addition to his IB related materials, Kevin has also supplied interactive teacher training modules on inquiry-based learning to OUP. He is a contributor to Over to You (OUP China): a set of listening and speaking materials for undergraduate use in Chinese universities.He holds a master's degree in the Teaching of English to Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL) from Manchester University.Edad recomendada: Adultos.