THE MASTER KEY TO RICHESThe Master-Key to Riches, a powerful formula for self-improvement, shows you how to harness the powers of your will and mind so that you can achieve mental happiness, business success, spiritual vitality, and financial superiority.Millions of readers all over the world are grateful to Dr. Napoleon hill for his now classic Think and Grow Rich. The Master-Key to Riches provides the key to why some people become successful and how you can become one of them. The Master Key is a marvelous device that, once discovered, can be used for:• Open the door to sound health• Reveal the method by which every disadvantage and disappointment can be turned into advantages of priceless value• Open the door to love and romance• Renew the spirit of youth• Lift humble men to positions of power, fame, and fortuneBased on the Andrew Carnegie formula for money-making, The Master-Key to Riches describes in step-by-step detail the greatest practical philosophy of success. ""Riches"" means all riches -""not merely those represented by bank balances and material things,"" says Napoleon Hill in the introduction to this master-manual for personal achievement.This amazing philosophy, culled from the successful experiences of many of the world's most powerful and wealthy men, will show you how to succeed in any path of life, whether it be love, wealth, personal satisfaction, faith, or any number of other goals.The material woven by Napoleon Hill into The Master-Key to Riches has the endorsement of many men whose names have become synonymous with great achievement in the fields of industry, finance, and leadership.NAPOLEON HILL(1883-1970) He was the author and American entrepreneur best known for his book Think and Grow Rich, published in 1937, which became the best-selling applied psychology book of all times. His teachings influenced entire generations of leaders who sought success, generating the cornerstone for self-knowledge writers and motivational thinkers.Edad recomendada: Adultos.