CURIOUS KIDS 1 - STUDENT'S BOOK MAYUSCULAS ( IN BLOCK CAPITAL)Curious Kids promotes learning and discovery in a safe and supportive environment. It is easy-to-use, suitable for every-ability classes and fosters creativity, cooperative learning and real-world communication.Curious Kids sparks pupils' curiosity and nurtures their creativity, igniting a passion for exploring the world, while simultaneously establishing a meaningful connection between classroom learning and real-world experiences. Through cooperative learning and engaging projects, pupils develop critical social and emotional skills and learn to collaborate and work as a team, which fosters a supportive and inclusive learning environment.• Curiosity fuels a positive and proactive approach to learning, enhancing motivation, engagement, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills. By incorporating specific puzzles and games designed to foster a curious mindset, teachers can successfully unlock their pupil's love of learning.• Creativity empowers pupils to approach learning with an open mind, paving the way for new ideas and discovery. Creative activities, including arts and crafts and problem solving not only help to develop language skills but also enhance self-expression and cultivate innovation.• Robust vocabulary and grammar practice together with songs, videos and dialogue models of real-life situations develop skills and provide pupils with the building blocks they need to develop real communicative competence.• Stories that emphasize values and social and emotional learning, along with carefully staged group projects, model collaborative behaviour and help children develop essential cooperative learning skills, preparing them for real-world scenarios where collaboration is crucial for success.• This easy-to-use course is ideal for teaching mixed-ability classes, with scaffolded taskswhich support and guide students, and additional resources that help create a fully inclusiveexperience for children of all talents and learning needs, for schools looking for continuity between pre-primary and primary