Lesley Herbert's Complete Book of Sugar Flowers explains and illustrates the methods of making sugar flowers in more depth than has ever been attempted before.This cake decorating book concentrates on the techniques involved in creating and arranging thirty types of flowers and foliage. In addition, there are fourteen arrangements, each displayed on a finished cake. For the complete beginner, the first steps in making and handling flower paste are shown in the opening chapter, along with photographs of how to use the essential equipment, colors, glazes and finishes.Once the basic skills of handling flower paste are understood, the blooms can be made from start to finish. Every stage for each flower is clearly laid out in the order in which it is prepared, leading you step-by-step from molding the first tiny ball of paste to applying the final dusting of color. The completed sugar flower is shown with its leaves, where suitable,and a photograph of the fresh flowers used for reference is also included.Many of the neat sprays of blossom are ideal for decorating a simple cake, but when you have mastered the knack of making flowers, you will definitely feel inspired to progress to creating stunning arrangements. Grouping complementary flowers, working out the shape of the design, wiring and securing the centerpieces are all illustrated alongside each finished arrangement. The information is completed by showing a cake with the floral decoration displayed to full advantage.By setting out her work in such detail, Lesley Herbert offers a real insight into the professional approach which gives immaculate results. Her book is the perfect individual tutor and worktop companion-follow her instructions, practice the techniques and study the photographs of the beautiful flowers for successful results.From buds to bouquets, Lesley Herbert's Complete Book of Sugar Flowers is the ultimate source of inspiration for sugarcraft artists.This cake decoration book includes:Basic instructions to fill beginners with confidenceTemplates of cutters to save buying dozens of shapesFabulous displays of flowers to inspire experienced cake decorators.