LITTLE FIRES EVERYWHERE - 978-0-525-50750-5Edad recomendada: AdultosCELESTE NGwas born on July 30, 1980, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Ng is a first-generation Chinese-American, and her parents immigrated from Hong Kong before her birth. In interviews, Ng often mentions that she grew up in a "family of scientists." At age ten, Ng's family moved to Shaker Heights, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland. While there, Ng experienced feelings of isolation and estrangement as an Asian woman in a predominantly white, rural community. This upbringing profoundly influenced the author's decision to document the Asian-American immigrant and racial experience in her body of work.Ng studied English at Harvard University and received a Masters of Fine Arts in Creative Writing from the University of Michigan. Her writing has received numerous accolades. In 2012, she was awarded the Pushcart Prize for her story "Girls, At Play." She also received the Hopwood Award for her short story, "What Passes Over." Everything I Never Told You, Ng's first published novel, won the Amazon Book of the Year award in 2014.SINOPSISFrom the bestselling author of Everything I Never Told You, a riveting novel that traces the intertwined fates of the picture-perfect Richardson family and the enigmatic mother and daughter who upend their lives. In Shaker Heights, a placid, progressive suburb of Cleveland, everything is planned - from the layout of the winding roads, to the colors of the houses, to the successful lives its residents will go on to lead. And no one embodies this spirit more than Elena Richardson, whose guiding principle is playing by the rules. Enter Mia Warren - an enigmatic artist and single mother - who arrives in this idyllic bubble with her teenaged daughter Pearl, and rents a house from the Richardsons. Soon Mia and Pearl become more than tenants: all four Richardson children are drawn to the mother-daughter pair. But Mia carries with her a mysterious past and a disregard for the status quo that threatens to upend this carefully ordered community. When old family friends of the Richardsons attempt to adopt a Chinese-American baby, a custody battle erupts that dramatically divides the town--and puts Mia and Elena on opposing sides. Suspicious of Mia and her motives, Elena is determined to uncover the secrets in Mia's past. But her obsession will come at unexpected and devastating costs. Little Fires Everywhere explores the weight of secrets, the nature of art and identity, and the ferocious pull of motherhood - and the danger of believing that following the rules can avert disaster.