EFFORTLESS 'In a world beset by burnout, Greg McKeown's work is essential' -- Daniel H. Pink'Effortless shows that achieving more doesn't have to be as hard as we make it out to be' -- Arianna HuffingtonNEW YORK TIMES BESTSELLER · A Times (UK) Best Book of the Year · From the author of the million-copy-selling Essentialism comes an empowering guide to achieving your goals. It all starts with a simple principle: Not everything has to be so hard.The intricacy of modern life has created a false dichotomy between things that are 'hard and important,' and those that are 'easy and trivial.' Everything has become so much harder than it ought to be. But, Greg McKeown, bestselling author of Essentialism, says, there is a third alternative.In Effortless, he offers practical tools for making the most essential activities the easiest ones, so you can achieve the results you want, without burning out. Honed over the better part of a decade, these strategies include:·Turning tedious tasks into enjoyable rituals·Preventing frustration by solving problems before they arise·Setting a sustainable pace instead of powering through·Making one-time choices that eliminate many future decisions·Making relationships easier to maintain and manage·And much moreMcKeown's philosophy of essentialism has helped thousands to recognise that the effortless way isn't the lazy way. It's the smart way. Not every hard thing in life can be made easy but we can make it easier to do more of what matters most. Effortless will show you how.ReviewsA good book for anyone feeling the familiar creep of overwhelm: McKeown shows us how to break down what we need to do and, building on the message of Essentialism, probably do less, but do it better.Financial Times, Books of the MonthGREG MCKEOWNGreg McKeown was named a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum. He is the CEO of THIS Inc, a leadership and strategy design agency headquartered in Silicon Valley. He has taught at companies that include Apple, Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, Salesforce.com, Twitter and VMware. Originally from London, he now lives in Menlo Park, California with his wife, Anna, and their four children. Greg holds an MBA from Stanford University.Edad: Adultos