GRANDUDE'S GREEN SUBMARINE As the Chillers explored, Lucy spotted a picture of Nandude, their adventurous grandmother."When will we see her again?" asked Bob."Perhaps we could go on an adventure to find her!" said Em . . .Grandude and the Chillers are back!Jump aboard Grandude's magical green submarine and join the quest to find Nandude, following her musical trail around the world and deep beneath the sea.From the legendary Paul McCartney's unique imagination comes this action-packed, rip-roaring adventure. Packed full of strange surprises, playful Beatles references, and heart-warming family fun.Celebrate the fun grandparents and their grandchildren can have together, even if there is a bit of distance keeping them apart.Praise for New York Times Number 1 Bestseller Hey Grandude!A charming tale from the music legend - with the most glorious illustrations that will be enjoyed by old and young - THE SUNInspired by his own experience of being a 'Grandude' of eight, the picture book sees four youngsters and their grandfather travel the world on a host of magical adventures. Accompanied by Kathryn Durst's colourful illustrations, it is sure to take pride of place on any little one's bookshelf - OK MAGAZINEPAUL MCCARTNEYPaul McCartney's career has been impossibly prolific and singularly influential. In the 1960s Paul changed the world with The Beatles. He has continued to push boundaries as a solo artist and through collaborations with world-renowned artists. He has received 18 Grammys, and in 1997 was knighted by H.M. The Queen for his services to music. Paul is also a dedicated philanthropist and a very proud grandfather.KATHRYN DURSTWith a background in animation, Kathryn has interned with Pixar Animation Studios in addition to working with various children's book publishers. When she is not illustrating books, she may be found playing the accordion, growing vegetables, folk dancing or putting on shadow puppet shows. She lives in Toronto, Canada, with her grumpy mini dachshund named Chili Dog.Edad recomendada: A partir de 6 años.