IQBAL AND HIS INGENIOUS IDEA - CITIZENKID (HB)  A boy, a science project and an answer to a critical problem. It's monsoon season in Bangladesh, which means Iqbal's mother must cook the family's meals indoors, over an open fire. The smoke from the fire makes breathing difficult for his mother and baby sister, and it's even making them sick. Hearing them coughing at night worries Iqbal. So when he learns that his school's upcoming science fair has the theme of sustainability, Iqbal comes up with the perfect idea for his entry: he'll design a stove that doesn't produce smoke! With help from his teacher, Iqbal learns all about solar energy cooking, which uses heat from the sun to cook - ingenious! Has Iqbal found a way to win first prize in the science fair while providing cleaner air and better health for his family at the same time? Award-winning author Elizabeth Suneby's thoroughly researched and inspiring story introduces young children to the problems associated with open-flame cooking in the developing world, as well as background information on sustainable technology. Part of the CitizenKid collection, this book uses the common experience of a science fair project to help children recognize that they, too, can help make the world a better place through innovative thinking and creative problem solving. The artwork by Rebecca Green, filled with details of everyday life in a Bangladesh village, beautifully evokes a sense of place and culture. Iqbal offers a perfect example for the character education subject of initiative. End matter includes information about clean cookstoves, a DIY solar cooker activity and a glossary. AGES: 3 to 7 AUTHOR: Elizabeth Suneby loves words! Writing helps Liz come up with new ideas, learn new things, figure out her feelings and express them to others. Writing is also how Liz earns a living. She writes content for companies large and small. She writes magazine articles. And she writes books for children and teens that help kids find their voice in a hopeful world. SELLING POINTS: ? Part of the CitizenKid collection - inspiring children to become engaged global citizens ? Terrific introduction to the technology of sustainability ? Thoroughly researched, raises awareness of problems from open-flame cooking in the developing world.ELIZABETH SUNEBYElizabeth Suneby loves to play with words! Writing helps Liz comes up with new ideas, learn new things, figure out her feelings and express them to other people. Writing is also how Liz earns a living. She writes for companies big & small. She writes magazine articles. And she writes books for children and teens that help kids find their voice in a hopeful world. Liz's latest book, NO ROOM FOR A PUP! is a fun, modern twist on a classic Yiddish folktale (It Could Always Be Worse) and a valuable reminder that there is always room for one more. Her two books in the CitizenKid series are multiple award winners. Iqbal and His Ingenious Idea: How a Science Project Helps One Family and the Planet is a great book for anyone who loves science or cares about the environment. Razia's Ray of Hope: One Girl's Dream of an Education is based on a true story of a girl in Afghanistan and how she convinces the men in her family to allow her to go to school. Can you believe in some countries not all kids are able to go to school?Edad recomendada: A partor de 8 años