Best Days is a new story-based primary course for students aged 7-10 in  which cross-cultural aspects facilitates children's learning process. In  each level of Best Days, learners will join the activities and adventures of  different groups of multi-cultural characters in each month of the year.    Learning about different cultures teaches children to value differences, but  also helps to accentuate how we are all alike. The everyday situations  portrayed in the Best Days stories will help children appreciate  similarities when they compare the lives of the characters with their own.  In Best Days, children will celebrate their differences and similarities  with each other!    In Level 1, some episodes show typical everyday activities such as playtime,  show and tell, the Green Week or Space Week, which take place in a British  primary school. Others are based around specific festivals such as Easter or  Christmas.    In Level 2, the stories move into the wider community, giving the chance to  introduce learners to values and social attitudes, as well as different  cultural events.    In Level 3, children will meet The Bests, a British family travelling in  their van for a year, learning about various cultures and festivals around  the world.    Key Features   A Pupil's Book with:  *12 story-based units, each taking place in a month of the year  *6-8 new vocabulary items in each unit linked to the main topic  *A song every 2 units practising the structures and vocabulary of the unit  *'Write it right!' and sounds sections focusing on important writing aspects  and sounds for children learning English at this age  *'Now I know.' boxes containing summaries of the structures learnt and  practised in each unit  *A Reading and CLIL section every 3 units  *Stickers for listening activities  *A final game in which the child consolidates all the structures and  vocabulary learnt (Levels 1 & 2)  *A story for extensive reading (Level 3)  *A free Songs CD   An Activity Book with:  *Further practice on grammar and vocabulary  *The 'Yearbook' section, which enhances children's creativity  *A free CD-ROM containing extra practice   A comprehensive Teacher's Guide with:  *Step-by-step teaching notes  *Helpful teaching tips and background notes  *Extra photocopiable material for each unit  *Unit tests, and mid-course and end-of-course tests   Audio CD"