Lucky and me / Lucky and you   Ana Monica Altamirano, Lucy Crichton   Lucky and me is especially thought for first graders with up to 3 contact  hours a week. Lucky and you can be used after Lucky and me or as a  self-standing course with children who have had some exposure to English and  who can already read and write in the foreign language. Two lovable  superheroes, Lucky and Poppy, will introduce children to the new language  and will make it memorable for them.    By using the senses of sight, sound and touch, Lucky and me and Lucky and  you will transport children into a world of fantasy extremely familiar to  them, facilitating in this way their learning process.    Key Features    A Student's Book containing    7 six-page units (in Lucky and me) writing is introduced as from Unit 5 with  block letters   Revision sections that consolidate the vocabulary and structures learnt.   An 'Attitudes' section focusing on different attitudes cropping up naturally  from the context of the stories.   A cross-curricular page at the end of every unit that lets children use what  they've learnt for other subjects such as maths, art, social studies and  science.   A section of seasonal activities (in Lucky and me) and special  environment-related days (in Lucky and you) including a chant and  mini-project.   A 'Pictionary' double page that summarizes and consolidates all the  vocabulary learnt (in Lucky and me) and a final revision game (in Lucky and  you).   A visual end-of-year play.   An 8-page cut-outs section of all the vocabulary in the book (in Lucky and  me).   An 'Extra activities' section including unit-by-unit extra practice (in  Lucky and you).   A free Student's CD with all the stories and songs from the book as well as  classroom songs.   A Teacher's Book containing    Clear step-by-step lesson notes with a Resource Bank of suggested optional  activities.   Useful teaching tips   Notes on classroom management with chants for the different moments of the  class (in Lucky and me).   Ideas for open classes with children's families.   A photocopiable section with plenty of extra activities; black line masters  for craft activities, evaluation sheets and a note to parents.   A Poster Pack containing    7 unit posters that facilitate presentation of new vocabulary and  structures, and work on the story in big classrooms   Generic posters (including the alphabet, numbers 1-10, the colours, the  house and the weather in Lucky and me) and (the alphabet, numbers 1 - 20,  the town and the body in Lucky and you)   An Audio CD containing    What do you think of Lucky and me and Lucky and you? Have they proved a  useful tool in teaching your students?