THE PIER FALLS AND OTHER STORIES - 978-1-101-97013-3Edad recomendada: Adultos.MARK HADDONIs the author of the bestselling novels The Red House and A Spot of Bother. His novel The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time won the Whitbread Book of the Year Award and the Los Angeles Times Book Prize for First Fiction and is the basis for the Tony Award-winning play. He is the author of a collection of poetry, The Talking Horse and the Sad Girl and the Village Under the Sea, has written and illustrated numerous children's books, and has won awards for both his radio dramas and his television screenplays. He teaches creative writing for the Arvon Foundation and lives in Oxford, England.SINOPSISNine dazzling stories from the beloved, bestselling author of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time.The stories that make up The Pier Falls take many forms-Victorian adventure, science fiction, morality tale, contemporary realism-but they are united by the talent and empathy that have made Mark Haddon a household name. Lyrical and uncompromising, these tales span from England to Mars, ancient Greece to the deepest Amazon. Drawing inventively from history, myth, folklore, and modern life, The Pier Falls reveals a previously unseen side of the celebrated author."Truly spectacular. . . . While reading these terrific tales one wonders how a single mind can create such diverse fiction as Mark Haddon has done here." -Minneapolis Star Tribune"[Haddon is] a virtuoso stylist. . . . One reads in a state of surrender." -Chicago Tribune "Gripping. . . . [Haddon is an] expert and innovative world-builder. . . . His voice can convey the authority of ancient fairy tales." -The New York Times"The nine stories in [The Pier Falls] are exuberant, lusty exercises in juxtaposition: intimacy and estrangement, exoticism and domesticity, innocuousness and malevolence, the cataloguing of minute detail and the expansiveness of the zoomed-out lens." -The Guardian "Haunting. . . . It is rare that an author can write with such depth and clarity." -Austin American Statesman"The Pier Falls is pure genius and I'm jealous of every word." -Douglas Coupland