PETE THE CAT - 5-MINUTE BEDTIME STORIESJoin Pete the Cat for 12 groovy, cozy stories in this giftable 192-page hardcover collection.Each of these awesome twelve tales is the perfect length to read aloud and includes full-color illustrations on every page. Readers will love snuggling up to these fun Pete the Cat stories, from Pete helping out the tooth fairy, camping in the woods, hosting a slumber party, and much more!This collection includes lightly adapted versions of 12 favorite Pete the Cat stories from New York Times bestselling creators Kimberly and James Dean. If you're looking for 5-minute bedtime stories, Pete the Cat is a winner.This collection includes:1. Pete the Cat and the Bedtime Blues2. Pete the Cat and the Tooth Fairy3. Pete the Cat: Out of This world4. Pete the Cat Goes Camping5. Pete the Cat and the Treasure Map6. Pete the Cat and the Tip-Top Tree House7. Pete the Cat and the Cool Caterpillar8. Pete the Cat Checks Out the Library9. Pete the Cat's Train Trip10. Pete the Cat and the Surprise Teacher11. Pete the Cat: Firefighter Pete12. Pete the Cat's Groovy Bake SaleKIMBERLY DEANKimberly Dean is an artist, yoga enthusiast, and #1 New York Times bestselling author. Before fulfilling her dream of becoming a full-time author and artist, she worked for the governor's press office in the state of Georgia. Her dreams became a reality in 2013 with the release of her first children's book, Pete the Cat and His Magic Sunglasses. She has written many books since then, including the Willow and Oliver series. Kimberly lives in Georgia with her dog, Gypsy, and cat, Phoebe.JAMES DEANJames Dean is the #1 New York Times bestselling creator and illustrator of Pete the Cat. He is a self-taught artist originally from Fort Payne, Alabama. He published his first book, The Misadventures of Pete the Cat, a history of his artwork, in 2006, and he illustrated his first children's book, Pete the Cat: I Love My White Shoes, in 2008. There are now dozens of published Pete the Cat titles, all inspired by James's real-life rescue pet.Edad recomendada: A partir de 6 años.