Lonely Planet: The world's leading travel guide publisher Lonely Planet Madrid is your passport to the most relevant, up-to-date advice on what to see and skip, and what hidden discoveries await you. View the marvellous frescoes at Plaza Mayor, enjoy tapas in La Latina, or take a stroll with the locals in the Parque del Buen Retiro; all with your trusted travel companion. Get to the heart of Madrid and begin your journey now!Inside Lonely Planet Madrid Travel Guide: - Colour maps and images throughout - Highlights and itineraries help you tailor your trip to your personal needs and interests - Insider tips to save time and money and get around like a local, avoiding crowds and trouble spots - Essential info at your fingertips - hours of operation, phone numbers, websites, transit tips, prices - Honest reviews for all budgets - eating, sleeping, sight-seeing, going out, shopping, hidden gems that most guidebooks miss - Cultural insights give you a richer, more rewarding travel experience - including history, art, cinema, music, dance, architecture, politics, cuisine - Free, convenient pull-out Madrid map (included in print version), plus over 25 neighbourhood maps - Covers Salamanca, Plaza Mayor, Royal Madrid, La Latina, Lavapies, Malasana, Chueca, Parque del Oeste, Sol, Santa Ana, Huertas, El Retiro, and moreThe Perfect Choice: Lonely Planet Madrid , our most comprehensive guide to Madrid, is perfect for both exploring top sights and taking roads less travelled.- Looking for just the highlights of Madrid? Check out Lonely Planet Pocket Madrid , a handy-sized guide focused on the can't-miss sights for a quick trip. - Looking for more extensive coverage? Check out our Lonely Planet Spain guide for a comprehensive look at all the country has to offer, or Lonely Planet Discover Spain , a photo-rich guide to the country's most popular attractions.Authors: Written and researched by Lonely Planet.About Lonely Planet: Since 1973, Lonely Planet has become the world's leading travel media company with guidebooks to every destination, an award-winning website, mobile and digital travel products, and a dedicated traveller community. Lonely Planet covers must-see spots but also enables curious travellers to get off beaten paths to understand more of the culture of the places in which they find themselves.