DON'T LET THEM DISAPPEARFrom the author of the #1 New York Times bestseller She Persisted comes a beautiful book about the animals who share our planet-and what we can do to help them survive.Did you know that blue whales are the largest animals in the world? Or that sea otters wash their paws after every meal? The world is filled with millions of animal species, and all of them are unique and special. Many are on the path to extinction.In this book, Chelsea Clinton introduces young readers to a selection of endangered animals, sharing what makes them special, and also what threatens them. Taking readers through the course of a day, Don't Let Them Disappear talks about rhinos, tigers, whales, pandas and more, and provides helpful tips on what we all can do to help prevent these animals from disappearing from our world entirely.With warm and engaging art by Gianna Marino, this book is the perfect read for animal-lovers and anyone who cares about our planet.Praise for Don't Let Them Disappear:"A winning heads up for younger readers just becoming aware of the wider natural world." -Kirkus Reviews"An inviting . . . appeal to care for the planet and its most vulnerable creatures." -Publishers WeeklyCHELSEA CLINTONChelsea Clinton is the author of the #1 New York Times bestseller She Persisted: 13 American Women Who Changed the World; She Persisted Around the World: 13 Women Who Changed History; She Persisted in Sports: American Olympians Who Changed the Game; She Persisted in Science: Brilliant Women Who Made a Difference; Don't Let Them Disappear: 12 Endangered Species Across the Globe; Welcome to the Big Kids Club; It's Your World: Get Informed, Get Inspired & Get Going!; Start Now!: You Can Make a Difference; with Hillary Clinton, Grandma's Gardens and Gutsy Women; and, with Devi Sridhar, Governing Global Health: Who Runs the World and Why? She is also the Vice Chair of the Clinton Foundation, where she works on many initiatives, including those that help empower the next generation of leaders. She lives in New York City with her husband, Marc, and their children.Edad recomendada: A partir de 6 años.