IB VISUAL ARTS - COURSE COMPANION (OXFORD IB DIPLOMA PROGRAMME)Strengthen potential in IB Visual Arts. Matched to the updated IB Visual Arts Guide for first examination in 2017, and developed directly with the IB, this essential Course Book breaks down and clarifies all the assessment components of the course. Guiding learners through each assessment task, a range of artwork examples contextualize the exam criteria, reinforcing comprehension and confidence.Build assessment potential enable learners to fully understand and engage with all the assessment tasks.Develop exam strategies equip students with tested means to develop ideas and evaluate their work.Drive reflective learning built-in TOK links, questions and discussion points help you fully adopt the IB approach to learning.Fully matched to the most recent IB Visual Guide for first examination 2017.Contents:1: The visual arts journalWhat is the visual arts journal?Making the visual arts journal a habitFormatUsing your visual arts journal as a learning toolLinking with the assessed components2: Formal elements of artWhat are the formal elements of art?CompositionLightFormSpace and depthLineColourTextureTime and motionMaterials, process and technique3: The comparative studyWhat is the comparative study?Making choicesWhat do we mean by culture?How to researchAssessment criteria for the comparative studyVisiting museums, exhibitions and galleriesHow to interpret function and purposeWhat do we mean by context and audience?How to make comparisonsHow to present your comparative studyHow to make connections to your own art4: The process portfolioWhat is the process portfolio?What are the requirements of the process portfolio?Assessment criteria for the process portfolioAssembling your process portfolio5: The exhibitionWhat is the exhibition?Starting pointsDeveloping ideas and intentionsDeveloping skills and considering art-making formsThemes, ideas and conceptsSensitive issues/provocative artAcademic honesty and the artworks you presentThe impact of your school, your culture, and your teacherAssessment criteria for the exhibitionSelecting the artworks for your exhibitionThe exhibition