BIG NATE BOREDOM BUSTERNow an animated series from Paramount + & Nickelodeon!This Big Nate activity book is bursting with exclusive activities. Includes mazes, sudoku, crossword puzzles, doodle games, comics, secrets codes, and much more!Nate may not be Joe Honor Roll, but he knows he's meant for big fun. He's always up for scribbling games, jokes, laughs, and creating comics. And now you can join him!There is plenty of space for kids to get creative, and all the favorite characters from Nate's New York Times bestselling world are included-the know-it-all Gina; Nate's best buddies, Francis and Teddy; his rival, Artur; and his least favorite teacher, Mrs. Godfrey, aka Godzilla. Nate's world pops off the pages with more than 500 black-and-white illustrations that you get to help create.An awesome way to guarantee 100% relief from boredom-learn to doodle, draw, and write the Big Nate way!Diary of a Wimpy Kid author Jeff Kinney says, "Big Nate is funny, big time!"LINCOLN PEIRCELincoln Peirce (pronounced "purse") is a cartoonist/writer and New York Times bestselling author of the hilarious Big Nate book series (www.bignatebooks.com), now published in twenty-five countries worldwide and available as ebooks and audiobooks and as an app, Big Nate: Comix by U! He is also the creator of the comic strip Big Nate. It appears in over three hundred U.S. newspapers and online daily at www.gocomics.com/bignate. Lincoln's boyhood idol was Charles Schulz of Peanuts fame, but his main inspiration for Big Nate has always been his own experience as a sixth grader. Just like Nate, Lincoln loves comics, ice hockey, and Cheez Doodles (and dislikes cats, figure skating, and egg salad). His Big Nate books have been featured on Good Morning America and in the Boston Globe, the Los Angeles Times, USA Today, and the Washington Post. He has also written for Cartoon Network and Nickelodeon. Lincoln lives with his wife and two children in Portland, Maine.Edad recomendada: A partir de 8 años.