HARRY POTTER VI - AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE - ADULT EDITION 'Will you, Severus, watch over my son Draco as he attempts to fulfil the Dark Lord's wishes?' Narcissa MalfoySuspicion and fear blow through the wizarding world as news of the Dark Lord's attack on the Ministry of Magic spreads. Harry has not told anyone about the future predicted by the prophecy in the Department of Mysteries, nor how deeply what happened to Sirius Black affected him. He's desperate for Professor Dumbledore to arrive and take him away from the Dursley's - but Hogwarts may not be the safe haven from Voldemort's Dark Forces that it once was.In his sixth year, the names Black, Malfoy, Lestrange and Snape will haunt Harry with shades of trust and treachery as he discovers the secret behind the mysterious Half-Blood Prince - and Dumbledore prepares him to face his own terrifying destiny.These adult editions have been stylishly redesigned to showcase Andrew Davidson's beautiful woodcut cover artwork.J.R. ROWLINGJ.K. Rowling is the author of the enduringly popular Harry Potter series, as well as several stand-alone novels and a bestselling crime fiction series. After the idea for Harry Potter came to her on a delayed train journey in 1990, she plotted out and started writing the series of seven books and the first, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, was published in the UK in 1997. The series took another ten years to complete, concluding in 2007 with the publication of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. Smash hit movie adaptations followed. The Harry Potter books have now sold over 600 million copies worldwide in 85 languages and been listened to as audiobooks for over one billion hours. To accompany the series, J.K. Rowling wrote three short companion volumes for charity: Quidditch Through the Ages and Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, in aid of Comic Relief and Lumos, and The Tales of Beedle the Bard, in aid of Lumos. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them went on to inspire a new series of films featuring Magizoologist Newt Scamander. Harry's story as a grown-up was continued in a stage play, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, which J.K. Rowling wrote with playwright Jack Thorne and director John Tiffany, and which is now playing in multiple locations around the world. In 2020, she returned to publishing for younger children with the fairy tale The Ickabog, the royalties from which she donated to her charitable trust, Volant, to help charities working to alleviate the social effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Her latest children's novel, The Christmas Pig, was published in 2021. J.K. Rowling has received many awards and honours for her writing, including the OBE and Companion of Honour, the Hans Christian Andersen Award and a Blue Peter Gold Badge. She supports a wide number of humanitarian causes through Volant, and is the founder of the international children's care reform charity Lumos. J.K. Rowling lives in Scotland with her family.Edad: adultos jóvenes