DICCIONARIO OXFORD POCKET PARA ESTUDIANTES ARGENTINOS DE INGLÉS - BILINGÜE - 978-0-19-409422-1Edad recomendada: Adultos.SINOPSISThe Diccionario Oxford Pocket para estudiantes argentinos de inglés is specifically designed to help Argentinian students improve their English skills.It has broad and up-to-date coverage of Argentinian Spanish, including the latest vocabulary, for example bicisenda, googlear, sustentable, teletienda and tuitear.This dictionary gives wide coverage of both British and American English, with translations in Argentinian Spanish. It shows pronunciations of all English headwords and has clear and accurate definitions and translations, with thousands of authentic and up-to-date example sentences.The Oxford 3000™ keywords are highlighted to help students identify the most important words to learn.Usage notes shown in blue boxes throughout the dictionary help students build vocabulary and use words correctly. The notes explain difficult or confusing words or phrases and give extra information about grammar and British and American culture. Using this dictionary, students not only learn the meaning of the word, but also how to use it correctly.The "I can talk about" section helps students to expand their topic vocabulary and then encourages them to make active use of it. This section also helps students to develop their dictionary skills and to make the most of the dictionary.A communication section gives useful examples of everyday English and provides practice exercises to develop students' speaking and vocabulary skills.Illustrations help students understand difficult words, and study pages provide useful information for reference, including help with writing letters and emails and common text message abbreviations, false friends, modal verbs, prepositions, geographical names, and colour maps of Great Britain, the United States of America and Canada, and Australia and New Zealand.The 32-page Picture Dictionary shows words in lexical sets covering transport, animals, the body, clothes, food and drink, meals, fruit, vegetables, homes, buildings, school, jobs, shops, sports, leisure, and the weather.· More than 71,000 words, expressions and examples· More than 69,000 translations· Up-to-date words, phrases, and translations reflecting today's Argentinian Spanish and British and American English· Oxford 3000™ keyword entries show students the most important words to know in English· More than 700 usage notes on grammar, culture, and difficult or confusing words and phrases· Shows students how to pronounce words correctly, and shows where British and American pronunciation are different· "I can talk about..." pages focus on topic-based vocabulary building and helping students develop dictionary skills· Communication section, with activities to develop speaking skills in real-world situations· Study pages include help with punctuation and modal verbs, geographical names, false friends, and letter and email writing