Lonely Planet: The world's leading travel guide publisher Lonely Planet Pocket Bangkok is your passport to all the most relevant and up-to-date advice on what to see, what to skip, and what hidden discoveries await you. Gaze at the blinged-out structures of Wat Phra Kaew temple, ogle at Wat Pho's reclining Buddha, or visit Jim Thompson's house for exquisite artwork; all with your trusted travel companion. Get to the heart of the best of Bangkok and begin your journey now!Inside Lonely Planet Pocket Bangkok : - Full-colour maps and images throughout - Highlights and itineraries show you the simplest way to tailor your trip to your own personal needs and interests - Insider tips save you time and money and help you get around like a local, avoiding crowds and trouble spots - Essential info at your fingertips - including hours of operation, phone numbers, websites, transit tips, and prices - Honest reviews for all budgets - including eating, sleeping, sight-seeing, going out, shopping, and hidden gems that most guidebooks miss - Free, convenient pull-out Bangkok map (included in print version), plus over 15 colour neighbourhood maps - User-friendly layout with helpful icons, and organised by neighbourhoods to help you determine the best spots to spend your time - Useful features - including Worth a Trip, Best Walks, and For Kids - Coverage of Banglamphu, Chinatown, Ko Ratanakosin, Thonburi, Siam Square, Pratunam, Ploenchit, Sukhumvit, Riverside, Silom, Lumphini, and moreThe Perfect Choice: Lonely Planet Pocket Bangkok is a handy guide that literally fits in your pocket, providing on-the-go assistance to travellers who seek only the can't-miss experiences. Colourful and easy-to-use, this neighbourhood-focused guide includes unique local recommendations to maximise your quick trip experience.- Looking for a comprehensive guide that recommends a wide range of experiences, both popular and offbeat, and extensively covers all of Bangkok's neighbourhoods? Check out Lonely Planet Bangkok. - Looking for more extensive coverage? Check out Lonely Planet Thailand for a comprehensive look at all the country has to offer, or Lonely Planet Discover Thailand, a photo-rich guide to the country's most popular attractions.Authors: Written and researched by Lonely Planet and Austin Bush.About Lonely Planet: Started in 1973, Lonely Planet has become the world's leading travel guide publisher with guidebooks to every destination on the planet, as well as an award-winning website, a suite of mobile and digital travel products, and a dedicated traveller community. Lonely Planet's mission is to enable curious travellers to experience the world and to truly get to the heart of the places they find themselves in.