THE POWERThe Secret revealed the law of attraction. Now Rhonda Byrne reveals the  greatest power in the universe - The Power to have anything you want. In  this book you will come to understand that all it takes is just one thing to  change your relationships, money, health, happiness, career, and your entire  life. Every discovery, invention, and human creation comes from The Power.  Perfect health, incredible relationships, a career you love, a life filled  with happiness, and the money you need to be, do, and have everything you  want, all come from The Power. The life of your dreams has always been  closer to you than you realized, because The Power - to have everything good  in your life - is inside you. To create anything, to change anything, all it  takes is just one thing. THE POWER.RHONDA BYRNE Rhonda Byrne is the creator and Executive Producer of the film The Secret, Producer of the motion picture adaptation, The Secret: Dare to Dream, and Author of the books The Secret, The Power, The Magic, Hero, How The Secret Changed My Life, and The Greatest Secret.Rhonda was born in Australia and began her career as a radio producer before moving into television production.  In 2006 her work took a very different direction when she released The Secret documentary film, viewed by millions across the planet. She followed with The Secret book, a worldwide bestseller available in more than 50 languages with over 34 million copies in print.Following its release in November 2006, The Secret sat at the top of the New York Times bestseller list for over 200 weeks and was named by USA Today as one of the top 20-bestselling books of the past 15 years.  In January of 2007, Rhonda appeared on the Oprah Winfrey Show with four teachers from The Secret documentary. In May of 2007, Rhonda Byrne was recognized as one of the world's most influential people in TIME magazine's "The TIME 100: The People Who Shape Our World", and shortly afterwards appeared in Forbes' "The Celebrity 100" list.In 2010, Rhonda continued her work with The Power, the second book in The Secret Book Series, which immediately became another New York Times bestseller. The Power is now available in 48 languages.  The third book in The Secret Book Series, The Magic, was released in 2012, and Hero, the fourth in The Secret Book Series, was released in 2013. Also released in 2013 was The Secret Daily Teachings in a hardcover book edition. The 2016 release, How The Secret Changed My Life, features a compilation of real life stories from readers whose lives have been transformed by the message of The Secret. A collection of three audiobooks in The Secret Masterclass series followed in 2020 - The Secret to Money, The Secret to Health, and The Secret to Relationships. Rhonda's most recent book, The Greatest Secret, is considered to be her most important work to date.Rhonda also served as a Producer on the 2020 movie, The Secret: Dare to Dream, based on her book The Secret. The film stars Katie Holmes, Josh Lucas, and Jerry O'Connell.