THE HARE & THE TORTOISE - STORYTIME - 978-1-84974-057-9Age: +6JENNY DOOLEYPresident of Express Publishing, holds an M.Ed. from the University of Wales, Swansea. She has been a teacher, teacher trainer, and author in the ELT field for more than twenty years. She has travelled extensively, delivering seminars and holding workshops in Latin America, Europe, the Middle East and Asia. She is the owner and manager of one of the piloting schools used by Express Publishing and is the president of H.E.C., a language exams distribution centre. She has also been influential in the creation of children's theatre groups, which aim to stimulate young learners' imaginations while enhancing their English language learning. Her research interests include: language acquisition in young learners; the application of the multiple intelligence theory in language learning; gamification in education; neuroscience; and modern assessment. She has been involved in the development of printed, audio-visual, animated and digital ELT material for more than two decades. Some of her latest publications are: Incredible 5, i Wonder, Right On and On Screen. She has also designed DigiBooks, a gamified LMS platform with ELT content.SYNOPSISStorytime Readers is a series of storybooks especially designed to provide easy and ejoyable reading practice. They have been carefully graded into three stages and have been written in a way that will help techers to use them as plays, thus providing an early introduction to drama as a means of learning.Storytime Readers tell tales of friendship, trust, family loyalty, kindness and love using colourful illustrations, dramatised audio recordings and engaging animations to simulate the imagination of the pupils and encourage the to explore the wonderful world of the English language through literature, poetry and drama.Storytime Readers - Components1. Pupil´s Book2. Teachers´s Edition3. Multi-ROM (Audio CD & DVD Video)CONTENTSThe Hare & the Tortoise, Scene 1, p. 4Song: Get Ready!, p . 12The Hare & the Tortoise, Scene 2, p. 14Song: Don't Stop Until You're at the End!, 24The Hare & the Tortoise, Scene 3, p. 26Song: Slow and Steady, p. 40Activities, p. 41Now, let's act it out!, p. 53Word List, p. 61