Lonely Planet Discover China is your passport to the most relevant, up-to-date advice on what to see and skip, and what hidden discoveries await you. Explore the Forbidden City in Beijing, marvel at the Terracotta Warriors in Xi'an, or wander around the pagodas and lilting willows of Hangzhou's West Lake; all with your trusted travel companion. Discover the best of China and begin your journey now!Inside Lonely Planet Discover China : - Full-colour maps and images throughout - Highlights and itineraries help you tailor your trip to your personal needs and interests - Insider tips to save time and money and get around like a local, avoiding crowds and trouble spots - Essential info at your fingertips - hours of operation, phone numbers, websites, transit tips, prices - Honest reviews for all budgets - eating, sleeping, sight-seeing, going out, shopping, hidden gems that most guidebooks miss - Cultural insights give you a richer, more rewarding travel experience - history, festivals, cuisine, architecture, religion, environment, wildlife, painting, literature, film - Free, convenient pull-out Beijing map (print version) - Covers Beijing, Great Wall, Xi'an, Shanghai, Three Gorges, Huangshan, Hangzhou, Yangshuo, Fenghuang, Hong Kong, Guangzhou, Sichuan, Macau, Yunnan and moreThe Perfect Choice: Lonely Planet Discover China, our easy-to-use guide, filled with inspiring and colorful photos, focuses on China's most popular attractions for those looking for the best of the best.- Looking for a comprehensive guide that recommends both popular and offbeat experiences, and extensively covers all the country has to offer? Check out Lonely Planet China guide.- Looking for a guide for Beijing or Shanghai? Check out Lonely Planet Beijing guide and Lonely Planet Shanghai guide for a comprehensive look at all these cities have to offer; Lonely Planet Pocket Beijing and Lonely Planet Pocket Shanghai, handy-sized guides focused on the can't-miss sights for a quick trip.About Lonely Planet: Since 1973, Lonely Planet has become the world's leading travel media company with guidebooks to every destination, an award-winning website, mobile and digital travel products, and a dedicated traveller community. Lonely Planet covers must-see spots but also enables curious travellers to get off beaten paths to understand more of the culture of the places in which they find themselves.